provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/pelee-coco/pelee-coco.md

[`image_id`, `label`, `conf`, `x_min`, `y_min`, `x_max`, `y_max`], where:

- `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

> - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 81] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 81], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt` file
```

[`image_id`, `label`, `conf`, `x_min`, `y_min`, `x_max`, `y_max`], where:

- `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

> - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 81] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 81], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_80cl_bkgr.txt` file
```
